1) Write a Shell program to check the given number is even or odd.
2) Write a Shell program to check a leap year.
3) Write a Shell program to find the area and circumference of a circle.
4) Write a Shell program to check the given number and its reverse are same.
5) Write a Shell program to check the given string is palindrome or not.
6) Write a Shell program to find the sum of odd and even numbers from a set of numbers.
7) Write a Shell program to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
8) Write a Shell program to check the given integer is Armstrong number or not.
9) Write a Shell program to check the given integer is prime or not.
10) Write a Shell program to generate prime numbers between 1 and 50.
11) Write a Shell program to find the sum of square of individual digits of a number.
12) Write a Shell program to count the number of vowels in a line of text.
13) Write a Shell program to display student grades.
14) Write a Shell program to find the smallest and largest numbers from a set of numbers.
15) Write a Shell program to find the smallest digit from a number.
16) Write a Shell program to find the sum of all numbers between 50 and 100, which are divisible by 3 and not divisible by 5.
17) Write a Shell program to find the second highest number from a set of numbers.
18) Write a Shell program to find the sum of digits of a number using function.
19) Write a Shell program to print the reverse of a number using function.
20) Write a Shell program to find the factorial of a number using for loop.
21) Write a Shell program to generate Fibonacci series.
22) Write a shell script, which receives two filenames as arguments. It checks whether the two files contents are same or not. If they are same then second file is deleted.
23) Write a Menu driven Shell script that Lists current directory, Prints Working Directory, displays Date and displays Users logged in.
24) Shell script to check executable rights for all files in the current directory, if a file does not have the execute permission then make it executable.
25) Write a Shell program to generate all combinations of 1, 2, and 3 using loop.
26) Write a Shell program to create the number series.
27) Write a Shell program to create Pascal’s triangle.
28) Write a Decimal to Binary Conversion Shell Script.
29) Write a Shell Script to Check Whether a String is Palindrome or not.
30) Write a shell script to find out the unique words in a file and also count the occurrence of each of these words.
31) Write a shell script to get the total count of the word “Linux” in all the “.txt” files and also across files present in subdirectories.
32) Write a shell script to validate password strength. Here are a few assumptions for the password string. ( Length – minimum of 8 characters. Contain both alphabet and number. Include both the small and capital case letters.)
33) Write a shell script to print the count of files and subdirectories in the specified directory.
34) Write a shell script to reverse the list of strings and reverse each string further in the list.